what's going on guys as you can see here
I have my iPad 3 and again it is running
iOS 8 i'll go ahead and prove that to
you by opening up settings here and
going into general and then about as you
guys can see if i scroll down it's a
software version 8 point out and this is
actually beta 5 so yes i do have the
latest software and it is the most
updated version the cool in factor and
yes you could say and i have done
reviews on iOS 8 in the recent past i
have skipped the last couple of betas as
they have been rather buggy I didn't
want to install them and a lot of the
new features hadn't been included yet
but this one I OS 8 beta 5 came out
today August fourth has a lot of new
features and I wanted to do a review for
you guys to jump right in so first I'll
just go through some of the features
that have been included in the past
which I actually very excited about I
know a lot of people are in the
Notification Center you can go ahead and
quick reply or delete notifications
simply by swiping to the right or the
left you'll be able to reply to text
messages right here social networking
messages Facebook Twitter and clear
notifications just like that
notification center has a lot more
custom ability and you'll be able to
respond to a lot of the messages just
like Android it will make apple devices
a lot cooler a lot more in the in crowd
and I like this feature a lot I've
already gone through that in previous
videos though also new apps they've had
added tips and podcasts along with a
couple of other things as you can see
here I have a couple of apps on here but
basically this is the standard operating
system they've added podcast tips all
new things to make the iOS experience
more feature-filled and a lot more
user-friendly I know my android has a
lot of these things so it's good that
Apple's finally including them in their
devices also another feature that I've
gone through but I have actually
improved in iOS 5 beta 5 for iOS 8 is
the recent contacts feature up in the
Notification Center it's a lot more
streamlined a lot easier to use and it
actually works this time as opposed to
being buggy so next week I'll jump right
into is new I'll go up in a note here
and I'll click the new note basically as
you can see the quick reply
touchpad is up here above the keyboard
you can go ahead and turn that off
they've added a toggle if you hold the
emoticon button or the keyboard button
you'll get a little toggle that you can
turn that off or you can turn it on I'm
going to leave it on here but that's a
good feature to have makes it a lot
quicker basically Apple is focusing more
on the quick notifications and quick
accessibility as opposed to the old way
that it used to operate also the control
center has been a little bit redesigned
as you can see the buttons look a little
different which is kind of cool i like
that makes it more streamlined I photo
is now being optimized so basically if
you go into iCloud and sign in you'll be
able to see your photos and it will be
able to give you the option to store
them on the device or just optimize it
and keep them in the cloud which is good
for saving space and storage very good
feature for people who have low capacity
devices like me spotlight has been
greatly improved the speed as you can
see makes it almost pop up instantly and
it has a lot more features you can
search the web itunes app store
everything on your device also Wi-Fi
calling is finally being implemented
essentially what this is is you'll be
able to transfer your calls over from
cell towers to Wi-Fi this just works on
tmobile now but up here in the upper
left you'll have a tmobile Wi-Fi or
whatever your carrier is Wi-Fi or ipad
Wi-Fi stated there and you'll be able to
save a lot of minutes call over Wi-Fi of
better quality great new feature in this
along with the ability to SMS on Macs
and other devices outside of iOS is a
great feature to have as well as calling
so they've actually added SMS relay in
this version of iOS beta 5 you'll be
able to open the messages app you'll get
a little pop-up notification asking if
you want to forward your SMSs to your
Mac or other devices and you'll be able
to use the handoff feature that Apple
has included in this version and finally
just general speed and enhancements
Apple's getting a lot closer to having
this as the final version if not as
buggy it's a lot quicker things work a
lot better a lot more smoothly I like it
a lot
you will like it a lot and as you can
see this is just a way better operating
system much closer to the final version
I can't wait to start using it in the
final form so this is a quick review of
iOS beta 5 if you I OS 8 beta 5 rather
if you like this video be sure to
subscribe down there in the description
for more i upload regular videos
hopefully you enjoy my content and
hopefully it is fun for you guys that's
why I do this and that's why I'm here
also be sure to favorite and rape thumbs
up those things also help me out and
finally I have listed all my other
social networks down there in the
description feel free to hit me up on
those I got some Twitter website Google
Plus Facebook and another vlog channel
action for you guys all down there so
check those out stay tuned and I'm also
listed a link to get paid iOS or Android
app for free so check that out hopefully
you guys enjoyed this video and I will
catch you later peace